h1. CalendarView[REMIX] (for Prototype)

h3. Why a calendar date picker for a framework waining in popularity?

There are projects in the wild that are deep into prototypeland and still need functionality added.

h2. Usage

Demonstration of the plugin can be seen in @examples/index.html@  which shows a few different calendar types in action.

h5. &darr; HTML

<pre><code><div id="calendarview_input">
  <label for="date_input">Date</label><br />
  <input type="text" name="date_input" value="" id="date_input" />
</div></code></pre>

h5. &darr; JAVASCRIPT

<pre><code>$('calendarview_input').calendarviewable();</code></pre>

h3. Details

Currently the identifier for the editable field needs to be on the DOM object containing the input element that a calendar should be attached to. 

This is not ideal but it works for the moment. If the DOM object the calendar is being attached to isn't an input field but a DIV or the like the 'dateField' id needs to be passed in for the calendar to be added:

h5. &darr; HTML

<pre><code><div id="date_display">
  01/01/2010
</div></code></pre>

h5. &darr; JAVASCRIPT

<pre><code>$('calendarview_input').calendarviewable({
  'dateField' : 'date_display'
  'dateFormat' : '%d/%m/%Y%'
});</code></pre>

p={background:#ffc;padding:.75em}. *NOTE* _The date format has to be passed with the options for the date parsing to work correctly._


|_<. Date Formatting |_.  |_<. dateFormat |
| 01/01/2010 | &rarr; | @'%d/%m/%Y'@ |
| Friday Jan 1st, 2010 | &rarr; | @'%A %b %O, %Y'@ |
| Jan 1, 2010 | &rarr; | @'%b %e, %Y'@ |
| 2010-01-01 | &rarr; | @'%Y-%m-%d'@ |

h2. Acknowledgment
  
*"Calendarview":http://github.com/jsmecham/calendarview/* is the original plugin that was the foundation for this hack and slash version.
CalendarView is developed and maintained by "Justin Mecham":mailto:justin@aspect.net.
"calendarview.org":http://calendarview.org/

The Design and constructor pattern were heavily informed by the "better-edit-in-place":http://github.com/nakajima/better-edit-in-place plugin.

h2. TODO

 * Better README
 * Do some Object instantiation options voodoo because the current way is ugly and brittle.
 * Probe date_patches.js to assess what's what - if it does things that are already handled
   by default etc…
 * Testing!?
 * Gemify?
